Now let's modify our button enabled functionality.
So far, the enable logic is dependent onto the equality of password and password repeat fields.
But now we have the validation logic and let's enable the button when all the fields have valid values
for this one.
We don't need a new test.
We have this test right here in the interactions, the first test in interactions block this one.
It enables the button.
When the password and password repeat, the fields have same value.
Now in this test, we are not just updating the password and password repeat, but we are calling setup
form to field all the inputs with the valid values.
So all we need to do here is just change the test description.
So it's going to be something like this.
It enables the button when.
All the fields have valid input and the test implementation is reflecting this test description.
So just saving this one.
So we don't see any difference in the test output.
Now let's refactor our implementation right here in the sign up component we have.
This is disabled function.
And basically we were just checking the password and password repeat fields and returning a boolean
based on the based on this logic.
Now we are going to change the behavior here.
Now we are going to control two things.
The first thing is we will need to make sure the all the fields have the values.
And we can do that like like this.
So we can check the, let's say, form field that set this variable and it's going to be a boolean.
And basically we will look for each of the form elements to have the value like this form get username.
And we will take the value of it.
So this is optional.
And we will get values for the other inputs as well, like this value of email.
And password and password repeat.
So this is going to be having having the the final value in this chain.
So if each of these inputs has the value, then this form field will basically have the value, which
means it's going to be 30.
And the next thing is we will check if there is any validation error and we have these get properties
right here and we will.
Use those.
So let's say we have another variable that is validation error.
And this time we will get this username error.
But unlike checking the the value for all of the fields now we don't need all of them has the validation
error, but only one of them is enough to say we have a validation error.
So like we will use the OR operation this time if there is username error or if there is email error
or password error or password repeat error.
So if just a single one of them has the validation error, then we have the validation error basically.
Then we can return a boolean back based on these two variables.
So like we can say a return if form is not filled.
Or if there is validation error then return true.
Which means button is disabled otherwise return false which means button will not be disabled.
Saving this one.
And tests are pressing here the first interactions this enables the button when all the fields have
valid input and and is passing.
Now let's test this one on browser so the form is empty and the button is initially disabled.
Just filling the form with the valid values of user one user one at gmail.com, password and password.
And as you can see, the errors are gone, the button is enabled, but as soon as we have the validation
error, the button is disabled and we also have this just test.
And for that one we don't also need to do anything.
All we need to do is just update the test description just like we did for the the karma test.
Just copying the test description and opening just test and going to the first interactions test this
one.
And we were doing the same thing in this one as well.
We have this setup form function and we are filling all the fields there.
And what we need to do is just update the test description here.
Saving it.
And all tests are passing.
And if we scroll up here in the interactions we have, this enables the button when all the fields have
valid input.
By the way, I.
I have a typo here.
Let's fix that one as well.
So it's going to be enables like this.
And the tests are passing.